Weather Update: The weather in Las Vegas is 8°C . 
News Update: Here are the latest headlines:
1. Live updates: Matt Gaetz ethics report says he paid for sex and drugs while in office - BBC.com
2. Nordstrom Family to Take Company Private in $6.25 Billion Deal - Bloomberg
3. Sean Manaea returns to Mets: Pitcher agrees to three-year, $75 million deal after breakout year, per report - CBS Sports
4. New York City police apprehend suspect in the death of a woman found on fire in a subway car - The Associated Press
5. Kim Kardashian Crawls Through Christmas Chaos in Video For Travis Barker-Produced ‘Santa Baby’ Cover - Yahoo Entertainment
6. Honda and Nissan plan to merge as we enter the age of electric cars - The Verge
7. Xerox to Buy Printer Maker Lexmark From Chinese Owners - The Wall Street Journal
8. CEO killing suspect Luigi Mangione to appear in Manhattan court for arraignment on state murder charges - ABC News
9. Ukraine special forces claim over 100 North Koreans killed or wounded - ABC News
10. Patriots haven’t quit yet, and more takeaways from their loss to the Bills - Pats Pulpit
11. Hailey Bieber debuts sparkly birthstone ring for her and son Jack Blues - Hindustan Times
12. US launches probe into Chinese semiconductor industry - Financial Times
13. Gwyneth Paltrow, Amy Schumer & Paul Feig Among Hollywood Stars Standing With Blake Lively After Bombshell Justin Baldoni Lawsuit - Deadline
14. "He's no better than McCarthy": Democrats warn they won't save Mike Johnson again - Axios
15. China slams Philippines’ decision to acquire US Typhon missile system - Al Jazeera English
16. FACT SHEET: President Biden Commutes the Sentences of 37 Individuals on Death Row - The White House
17. For some LGBTQ+ people, aging alone stirs up past traumas - The Washington Post
18. Drinking Tea or Coffee Each Day Could Reduce Mouth And Throat Cancer Risk - ScienceAlert
19. This brand-new chip has no little cores, could beat Snapdragon in mid-range phones - Android Authority
20. Dallas Cowboys make owner Jerry Jones proud after being eliminated from the playoff chase - The Associated Press